NAME
       gcloud-compute-instances-set-disk-auto-delete - Set auto-delete
       behavior for disks

SYNOPSIS
       gcloud compute instances set-disk-auto-delete INSTANCE [--auto-delete |
       --no-auto-delete] [--device-name DEVICE_NAME | --disk DISK] [--zone
       ZONE] [-h, --help]

DESCRIPTION
       $gcloud compute instances set-disk-auto-delete is used to configure the
       auto-delete behavior for disks attached to Google Compute Engine
       virtual machines. When auto-delete is on, the persistent disk is
       deleted when the instance it is attached to is deleted.

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
       INSTANCE
           The name of, or a fully- or partially-qualified path to the
           instance for which to set disk auto-deletion. Using a path
           containing the zone will render the --zone flag optional. For
           example, providing "us-central2-a/instances/my-instance" is
           equivalent to providing "my-instance" with "--zone us-central2-a".

FLAGS
       --auto-delete
           Set auto-delete for the given disk to true.

       --device-name DEVICE_NAME
           Specifies a disk to set auto-delete for by its device name, which
           is the name that the guest operating system sees. The device name
           is set at the time that the disk is attached to the instance, and
           need not be the same as the persistent disk name. If the disk's
           device name is specified, then its persistent disk name must not be
           specified using the "--disk" flag.

       --disk DISK
           Specifies a disk to set auto-delete for by its resource name. If
           you specify a disk to set auto-delete for by persistent disk name,
           then you must not specify its device name using the "--device-name"
           flag.

       --no-auto-delete
           Set auto-delete for the given disk to false.

       --zone ZONE
           The zone of the instance.

       --help
           Print a summary help and exit.

